"I agree with this idea of ÅeIt is important for college
students to have a part-time job.
Åfit is because it is necessary for college student to be
independent of their parents. These days they are a lot of
people who completely depend on their parents. This is
against the law of human.They are given money without
working and they do not have responsibility for
everything.Today,this is one of the charactaristic
problems in Japan and this problem hove become more and
more serious . I think the solution of this problem is to
have a job no matter how easy it is.It is important to
have a job. In my case,this year I have started to live
alone and I have a part-time job.I did not realize the
importance of independent of my parents and of
responsibility for something until I have a part-time
job.I am working at restaurant .In that place all what I
did is responsible for me and the money I earned from that
job become a lot of items whichi is necessary for my
life.I become careful when I use my money.I believe I am a
little independent of my parents.Thus,I think to have a
part-time job is important for college students.
"
