Now, few restaurants allow customers to smoke completely.
And in almost all restaurants, it is partly banned or
wholly prohibited to smoke. In addition to these facts,
smoking is strictly restricted to smoking area in some
European countries. This is because, to smoke dose harm
not only to smoker but also to people in around. It is
true that there is smoking space in some restaurants, but
it is not enough to keep away smoke from non-smoker. Even
in restaurant with smoking area, the area is usually open
and just equipped with funs. Moreover when the clean air
seat is full, some people have to sit in the seat filled
with poison. Imagine the feelings of pregnant that sit in
near smoking zone. Imagine the feelings of family with
children who have to be seated in smoking section. Imagine
the feelings of patients with problem in their throat are
forced to sit in smoking seat. If it effect only to
smoker, it can be permitted anywhere. But in fact, it is
harm to everyone around people. Besides, cigarettes make
furniture and wall colored or smells bad. And after
smoking, it becomes trash. It cost shoppers to clean
interior.
ThatÅfs why smoking should be completely banned in
restaurant.

