Most of restaurants hope that all their guests enjoy
their meal. Restaurants cook the meals in order to please
their guests. Some guests enjoy their meal more when they
are smoking than when they are not smoking. Then, smoking
does not have to be banned at all the restaurants in
Japan. Perhaps you will say that those who do not like
smoking are not pleased with meals if those who are
smoking are near. If so, you should divide an area into
two areas &#8211; a smoking area and no smoking area. This
way, all the guests are pleased with their meal in the
restaurants. Nevertheless, if you say that you want to ban
smoking in the restaurants, you could do so. I do not
oppose what you do. Some restaurants can ban smoking
there. But smoking should not be banned at all the
Å@restaurants! There are a bunch of people who
likeÅ@smoking at the meals. Where could they have meals if
smoking will be banned at all the restaurants? They would
not have meals at any restaurants. They have the right to
enjoy meals. If there are some restaurants in which
smoking are allowed, they can smoke at meals and enjoy
meals. A good meal is the meal at which guests enjoy it.

