We should permit smokers to smoke at the restaurants. There are three
reasons. First, as you know well, it is true that cigarettes do harm to
not only smokers but also people around him, but we can prevent that
damage. For instance, by setting air-conditioning units, many people
wouldnÅft be unpleasant even when there are smokers at the same
restaurants. Or, for another, by deciding time or space to ban smoke,
the restaurants would be comfortable place for all people. In addition,
the manager of the restaurant will get much money than prohibiting
smokers from entering their shops because they have larger customers,
both smokers and non-smokers. Second, as there are stormy discussions
about the tax of cigarettes, the government can get much more money for
public welfare from smokers. However, the government couldnÅft do if
smokers are not allowed to smoke at all restaurants. Now the economical
situation of Japan is very danger, so we should accept their smoking at
the restaurants. The tax of cigarettes will help condition of Japan with
solving the problem of the pension coming from the aging society. Third,
smokers have the right to have relaxing time as well as non-smokers. It
is hard for them to find the good place for smoking because many rules
that restrain them from smoking are passed one after another. It is
cigarettes that smokers can breath a sigh of relief with. We should
consider hard condition of them in this society filled with stresses.
For the three reasons, we should admire their smoking to make the
society comfortable for both smokers and non-smokers.