Nowadays, most of the public institutions such as station, office and
even restaurant gradually don't allow smokers to smoke without reserve.
This is because many citizens have begun to regard smoking as a harmful
item to our health even by little and little, and not only the emitted
smoke is smoky, but also the very smokers are actually stayed away by
many nonsmokers.
 According to statistics, the smokers tend to be victims of lung cancer
with more high probability than the nonsmokers. It goes without saying
that smoking brings bad health to the smokers. Especially the passive
smoking: The nonsmokers are exposed to the unhealthy smoke and forced to
`swallow' it, in fact its risk has been pointed out by a lot of
professionals.
 When we go into a restaurant, almost always we are asked by a floor
staff "Would you smoke or not?" In many restaurants, they formally
divide the seats into two groups; smoking seats and nonsmoking seats.
However, there is not any screen and if even only one smoker began to
smoke, almost all the guests in the floor irresistibly breathe the air
contained the harmful smoke. So what meaning does it have at all? It
spoil the delicious dishes and pleasant talks!
 My father is a heavy-smoker and whenever he smoke at home, he always
smoke outside of the house for the purpose of not annoying other members
of my family. Similarly restaurants should take account for other guests
but smokers and introduce such my family's rule, A smoker who couldn't
put up with smoking after eating anyway should do go outdoors.
