"I agree with this following statement. Roughly speaking, there are two 
reasons that I think so. Naturally, the first reason is to get the money. 
College students need much money in order to pay not only school expenses, 
but also expenses for a circle activity. In addition to these expenses, they 
spend money for playing with their friends, meals and so on. It is not so 
good that they depend on their parents for all these money, because they are 
already adults or near adults, and this time is when they should to ready to 
become independence. So it is desirable that they have a part-time job to 
earn the part of these necessary expenses. Of course, it is out of question 
that having the job interferes with studies in their college. It is 
important to work moderately. The second reason is t experience working in 
society. Most of students become a member of society after they graduate. So 
I think that college life is a shift time toward social person. In this 
time, it is advantageous to spend their life after college life that they 
experience working and getting money by themselves. I think it is important 
to continue to work in same place, but I also think it is important to 
experience diverse jobs. By experiencing many jobs, they can acquire various 
abilities and broaden their insights. Because of these two reasons, I agree 
to their having a part-time job. But as mentioned above, it is important 
that working donÅft disturb their studies.
"
