I have not seen the restaurants which is completely banned
from smoking. This is because at everything completely
banning is very difficult. Everyone have the right of
freedom, so they can do what they think right only when it
is not troubling to others.But, smoking makes others smoke
indirectly and does big harm. As you know, smoking causes
man to get cancer. If the number of smokers is smaller,
the fewer people will be died by cancer. In restaurants,
many people would not want to smoking indirectly.  By the
way, tobacco have a lot of problems. First, smoking causes
man to get cancer as I said. Second, throwing tobacco
away. Nowadays, trash problem have become biger and biger.
When I walk along the street I often see many tobaccos on
the road. These tobaccos make the view of town bad and
lead fire. Third, walking with smoking. Smoker have the
fire. It is very dangerous for other walkers. These
problems are my opinions, so there are more problems. If
government impose some severe punishment on smokers, the
number of smokers would be smaller. I think this is the
best idea for small the number of smokers, but this is
very difficult to cary out. So I agree to the idea of
reduce smoking lounge suchi as restaurants , school and
park.

